My name is Thomas Roman.
I came into the truth in my mid-twenties.
Work was always important to me.
He's getting stalled. We're looking at catastrophic line failures.
Think, negligence.
But now, I realize that I spent too much time there, instead of with my family.
Rest of work, Monica.
My wife, Monica, went to work some years ago.
Our jobs became a preoccupation,
which took a toll on our family.
Yes, honey. What is it?
Hey, babe.
How about we all have dinner together tonight?
Maybe we should try family worship too.
It's been forever.
Okay. Well, anyway. See you later then. Love you.
Good work. You can get started on your job.
Our daughter, Rebecca, got caught up in after-school activities.
Oh, front page.
A class project put her in close company with a non-witness student.
I can work up for me the premise, the standards, the arguments,
and the assessment for the next issue on this docket.
Marcus is our oldest son.
Yo, Marcus.
I heard you get up.
He was absorbed in his music place.
A crazy.
Hey, I'm having a party in a couple weeks.
You've got to do the music.
It drew him into association with the wrong kind of people.
Beats like this will get you places.
If something good happens, we'll talk money.
Our youngest, Nicholas, was often neglected.
We weren't a family.
We were living separate lives.
You can't go to school without breakfast.
Nicholas, time to get a move on. We need to get...
Come on downstairs. Remember? Family worship?
No, dad. You said sex.
I didn't notice.
Time for family worship. Let's go.
I'm busy.
That's not busy. Downstairs.
Give me a break.
Now!
My attempts to bring us together left a lot to be desired.
So, here's what we're going to talk about.
Why it's important to have a regular family study
so that all of us can rely on Jehovah.
What?
What would you know about that?
Rebecca.
I break my back so that you won't have to struggle the way I have.
You're never here. You usually work till 9 or 10 at night
and then you sit there watching TV and go to sleep.
Well, that's what Satan's system does to you.
Just wait until you get into the working world.
You'll see.
So, as usual, I don't know what I'm talking about.
Rebecca, stop it.
Your father and I are doing the best that we can.
Oh, really?
This is pointless.
Young man, you stay right where you are.
Sorry.
I'm just overwhelmed by the peace and spirituality of this family.
Marcus!
Let him go, Thomas.
I have to go to the bathroom.
What just happened here?
It's not your fault, Thomas.
These teenagers are out of control.
I'm exhausted.
I'm going to grab a bite and watch some TV.
Join me.
No.
Go ahead.
Hey, buddy.
Hi, daddy.
Not exactly a model family study.
It wasn't.
You know what I forgot.
How about a prayer?
Let's make this world a better place.
What's it going to be next?
Creation versus evolution?
No. A relevant.
Nobody believes over it.
Genocide?
Yeah, right.
Have fun getting a support team for that one.
How about...
gay marriage?
Why would you want to talk about that?
It's a good topic.
High profile, polarized opinions,
with a follow-up article for the school paper.
What would be our position?
My philosophy on life,
acceptance and tolerance,
to a fault.
So you support same sex marriage?
People just want to be happy.
I totally support that.
You don't have a problem with it, dude.
Have I told you I'm one of Joe's witnesses?
No.
That's cool.
I totally respect that.
In fact, it kind of explains a lot.
Meaning?
Meaning...
You've got...
Death.
You're not obsessed over...
Girl styles.
You're just...
You're you.
And...
I like that the best.
Martin, the system is so messed up.
How do you do it?
Do what?
Everything.
Career, family,
elder,
pioneer,
simple life.
Even the basics seem more than we can manage.
Something's off track.
What do you mean?
Life used to be so simple.
Now it's so...
complicated.
What happened?
First, you know our care a lot about your family.
Always have.
Here's my question.
What made your life so complicated?
The kids.
My boss.
Self-satan.
Who knows?
I don't have any control over anything anymore.
Balance is tough to find.
You should have seen our family worship the other night, Martin.
It was a...
circus.
Before we even got started, the kids were looking for reasons to jump ship.
In the end, it was just Nicholas and me.
It felt like a fool.
Have you tried the suggestions in our Kingdom Ministry?
Like watching one of our videos?
Oh, we've seen them all.
Bible games?
They're very creative.
Singing?
Can't carry a tune in a bucket.
And now who's making excuses?
Sorry.
Don't expect you to solve our problems.
Anyway, how are things with you and Isabel?
Well, I've turned into my letter of resignation today.
Wow.
You actually did it.
We thought it through and worked out a plan.
You know, we're confident Jehovah's going to bless our efforts.
You know, the kids are on their own.
So now's the time.
I hope everything works out.
You have something stashed away for a rainy day.
Oh, we've counted the cost.
In fact, that's another reason why I stopped by.
We're doing the lease on our house with just Tias down here.
So, well, we've decided to let the house go.
Monica suggested that we rent your basement apartment for a month or two.
What do you think?
Of course.
You're welcome to stay.
Forget the rent.
Do you want to go see it?
No.
Next week will be fine.
Rebecca?
Where are you going?
To a friend.
Who?
Dad, stop treating me like I'm 10.
You're always embarrassing me in front of everyone.
Just give me a name.
Say hello to Brother Barrow.
Oh, hi, Brother Barrow.
Sorry, I got to run.
Rebecca, you do not...
Oh.
You do not...
You do not have permission to leave.
Stop worrying.
For driving.
Josh.
Hey.
Can you stay?
I have the line change over tonight.
Sorry, man.
My kids got little league tonight.
Never miss a game.
Come on.
I always do the late stuff.
Help me out for once.
You got kids.
You know how it is.
Hey, Larry.
Can you come for me tonight?
I got to get out of here.
The time in a half would be great, but...
What's your hurry?
I promise the family would be doing something together tonight.
Can't tonight.
I'm already committed.
Sorry.
Next time.
My heart was divided.
And now...
I blame myself for the family failure.
Head's up, Nick.
Hey, what'd you do with the ball?
It's dad and his little brother.
Dad's got a little brother?
Yeah.
But he died a long time ago.
What happened?
I don't know.
He won't talk about it.
Here.
We'll use this instead.
This is perfect.
But it...
Looks like we're kicking somebody out.
Oh, no.
No.
Marcus and his friends used to play music down here.
Doesn't get much use at all these days.
You're sure it's not an imposition?
No.
Not at all.
The kitchen's right over here.
This thing's leaking again.
I'll fix it right now.
So you can move in tomorrow night.
Isn't that your family worship night?
Yeah, well, Martin.
Honestly, I don't think it'll make a bit of difference
if we miss it again.
No, Thomas.
Consistency is important.
I doubt I'll ever make a success of family worship.
Why do you say that?
Well...
Let's just say that teaching has never been one of my strong suits.
Even if that were true.
Teaching your children is still your responsibility.
Then as the kids got older,
I started working more.
And then Monica started to work to keep up with the bills.
I just virtual routines with the hit.
Do you think we should have been stricter?
Well, some children need more discipline than others.
But they all respond to patience, love, and concern.
Yeah, well, I guess there's no formula for racing kids, huh?
Actually, there is.
Deuteronomy.
Six, six and seven.
Oh, yeah.
When you walk on the road, when you lie down, when you get up.
But do you remember how verse six begins?
Not off the top of my head, no?
These words must be on your heart.
If you aren't serious about God's word, can you expect your kids to be?
I suppose you're going to ask me about my personal study.
Think of family worship as the central water supply
that your family's life depends upon.
If the water dries up, everybody suffers.
Yeah, well, you can lead a horse to water.
You can't make them drink.
Coffee?
Is it too late?
How can I reach them at this point?
Don't give up on them.
They'd sense that and they may give up too.
Use every opportunity to inculcate God's word into their hearts.
Try to eat together, at least once a day.
You can't help but talk.
Sometimes days go by where I don't even see my kids.
Use the time on the road.
You know, two and from meetings to talk.
Honestly, I don't have a clue about what's going on with them.
Then find out.
Ask them.
You know, then really listen.
Try to grasp what they're thinking.
There's your family worship material.
I feel like such a failure.
Working my fingers to the bone is sacrifice.
And this is what I get.
But are you making the right sacrifices?
What's more important than being with your kids?
That's the only way you're going to reach their hearts.
Next topic.
The correlation between controversial debate and deforestation.
Well, there's no shortage of material.
Real?
Well, can't use any of these.
Should really avoid that whole religion angle.
How can we?
That's at the heart of the issue.
I don't think so.
I think it's more about personal identity and lifestyle.
Come on.
Didn't religious training shape your personal identity and lifestyle?
I used to go to church with my grandparents.
You know, with eye kingdom coming, all that stuff.
I don't know Rebecca.
I mean, the Bible.
Don't you think it's just kind of random?
No, not really.
We get lots of help.
Books, magazines, active discussions on the Bible's relevance.
Really, it makes a lot of sense.
And on your recommendation, I'll give it a fair chance sometimes.
But if Miss Holbrook's great debate turns into some religious cat fight, we are toast.
So you'd really do that?
Really do what?
Give the Bible a fair chance.
Yeah.
Of course.
Acceptance and tolerance.
You know, you really do have a very beautiful smile.
It's just so easy to talk to.
You make me wonder if there's life beyond these walls.
Of course.
Really?
Well, I think we should investigate.
What about family worship tonight?
I've got things to do.
Becca says you don't like family worship because you don't really believe in Jehovah.
Isn't she?
Nicholas, nobody has a monopoly on truth.
What do you mean?
Maybe Jehovah didn't create everything exactly the way we think he did.
The Bible says he created everything.
Look, you're just a kid.
But soon you'll be learning things at school that will open your eyes.
Like what?
You'll find out soon enough.
I gotta go.
Don't worry about me, little man.
I'm good.
Dad, are we really gonna do this every week?
That's my aim, Becca.
But why now?
All of a sudden.
We should have been doing it all along.
Hey, Daddy, I have an idea for next week.
Let's hear it.
Did Jehovah create everything exactly the way we think he did?
Where did that come from?
Oh, and can I invite someone to sit in some time?
Who did you have in mind?
I've been talking to the sky at school about the Bible.
He seems to be shunned some interest.
Becca has a boyfriend.
Stop it. I do not.
He's interested in the truth, Dad.
Here's another idea for next week.
What does Jehovah think about boyfriend?
Mind your own business.
For now, is that it would be good for us to practice the songs for the meeting?
Nice idea.
No, Mom.
Music on the website.
Good thinking, Nico. Pull it up.
Well, we choose which song to sing.
Dad, please.
What's wrong with singing?
I don't feel like it.
Why not?
It's weird.
All of us sitting here by ourselves singing Kingdom Songs.
What's your favorite?
We'll sing it.
I don't have any favorites.
Becca, don't you like any of our songs?
Yeah, some of them.
Which ones? Tell us.
Song 134 is nice.
See yourself when all is new.
Why do you like that one?
It helps me picture myself in the new world.
It makes me feel good.
Okay, then. That's the one.
Got it, Nico?
I wish Marcus were here.
He could play it for us on his guitar.
Don't worry, little buddy.
Marcus will be back with us eventually.
You'll see.
Okay, Amistro, song number 134.
Please.
Play!
Just see your sound.
Just see me, too.
Just see us all in new encounter.
You'll feel, but we'll be.
It's illegal to text while driving, you know.
I know that. Give that back. It's none of your business.
Who is this?
Nobody.
Try again.
How about Justin?
Will you stop it?
What's this guy texting you for?
Nothing. We just ended up on the same project.
Good morning, beautiful.
Seriously, project.
How involved are you with Mr. Fence Rider?
He's not a Fence Rider. He's tolerant and open-minded.
And I'm not involved. Would you give that back?
You see.
And why are you defending it?
Who are you to lecture me?
You can stand a little involvement in anything.
Hey, mind your own business.
Why are you so...
Look, back off, okay?
Maybe someday you'll actually start thinking for yourself.
Everything is so black and white.
Yes, as you.
Yeah, and I'm not the only one.
Oh, who else?
Justin.
Just forget it.
Second Timothy 22.
Flea from youthful desires.
Then it says,
pursue righteousness,
along with those who call on God,
meaning with fellow believers,
not a boy of the world.
I wasn't sure if I would use it the first time Rebecca opened up,
but I wanted to have a scripture and an illustration ready
when the time was right.
You really want to know what I want in life,
what I feel.
Of course.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
You can talk to me, sweetie.
Nothing. Everything is fine.
Is this the boy you wanted to invite over?
Rebecca, remember we talked about boyfriends just the other night?
Did it make sense?
Yeah, I heard it all.
Does Jehovah's point of view matter?
Your mother and I only want to protect you.
He's nicer and more open-minded than some of the brothers at the hall.
He just needs our help.
Becca, think.
If your heart's already involved,
then it just makes it more difficult to know whether he loves Jehovah
and the truth or if he's just after you.
So you don't want to help him?
You're my priority.
I'm your father.
I can't stand by and watch you get hurt.
He cares about me.
So do I.
Rebecca, don't you see what's happening to your heart?
I don't think you want to know.
Did I ever tell you what happened when I first started seeing your mom?
I had to fly all the way to the old country because her father just had to meet me.
His first words to me were,
who are you?
I said,
I'm Thomas Roman, the guy Monica's been telling you about.
He was no.
Who are you?
Are you a decent man?
Why do you think he asked that?
He was concerned from mom.
Yeah.
Fathers are concerned about their daughters.
It's what we do.
Then give Justin a chance.
He is a decent guy and he accepts me for who I am.
But does he accept Jehovah's standard of what is decent?
Becca,
tolerance must have boundaries.
Deicency is the boundary for tolerance.
You see this?
We made 10,000 of these at work.
See this part here?
You can't really see it,
but it's just a hair outside the tolerance.
If this were to be used,
a very expensive piece of machinery would be junk within minutes.
Dad, you don't understand.
I'm not a machine.
Day in and day out,
I feel like an outcast for what I believe.
But I'm okay with that because I really do believe it.
I love Jehovah.
But Justin doesn't judge me or anybody else.
I'm proud of you for making the truth your own.
And I know it's not easy.
But if Justin accepts things that are outside the boundaries
of Jehovah's standard of decency,
he can get you to accept them too.
And that can ruin your relationship with Jehovah.
And your whole life.
You're Rebecca.
And if I don't do everything that I can to protect you.
And I'd be more negligent than I've already been.
That was such a good movie.
The plot was so thin.
It was a love story. That was the plot.
Yeah, the typical formula.
Girl hates Guy because she thinks he's shallow.
Guy hates Girl because he thinks she's stuck up.
Their finer quality shine to overcome a common struggle.
They fall hopelessly in love
and they live happily ever after.
It's too bad real life isn't as simple as in the movies.
Yeah.
I mean, sometimes it is like one of those really complex
I-fi movies, you know?
We have no clue where you are in space or time.
What do you mean?
Well, like relationships.
You know, you got more than one thing going on
and you're all confused.
Okay, so like today is Friday
and I'm with X tomorrow this Saturday
and I'll be with Y and Z is text to me about Sunday.
You've been there.
Well, actually.
Hey, look, I'm okay with it.
I'm not trying to pry, honest.
It's whatever.
You know, it's...
I'm sure you've been with guys before.
Hooking up is...
It's just part of the growth process.
Here you go.
Green tea.
Pomegranate?
Thanks.
Look, Rebecca, I expect you to continue growing
and I accept that.
Acceptance and tolerance.
And it means the same for me, right?
How?
Talk with them.
Work with them.
You know, let them know that their happiness is important to you.
You know, and keep Jehovah involved in their lives.
This system has a spread so thin.
By the time we're all together, the damage is done.
Well, you can't completely control their environment.
But if you prepare them to deal with bad associates
in whatever form, you've gone a long way to protecting them.
How can I fight against everything?
Don't give up and don't give in.
You know, replace bad associates with good ones.
You're the best associates your kids can have.
And then there's a circuit overseer in his wife.
And others in full-time service.
Suppose I do all that.
And it still doesn't work.
Well, Thomas, at the end of the day,
each one is going to have to decide for himself
whether he's going to serve Jehovah or not.
But if we do our part to help them make wise decisions,
Jehovah will do his part.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, the boss lately has been wanting me to work even more.
Sorry.
Okay.
Hello.
Yes, Mr. O'Connor.
Sure.
And I can be there in 20 minutes.
Okay.
Could you drop Monica and the kids up at the house?
It won't be a problem at all.
Thanks.
Okay.
And Martin.
Yeah.
The next time the circuit overseer visits,
put us down for hospitality.
I'll be sure to do that.
So then how come people still believe in evolution?
People believe in what they want to believe in Nicholas.
But what we believe in has to be based on what's really true.
And who would know the most about creation?
Jehovah, the creator, or even the smartest person on earth?
I wish Marcus were here.
I'm still not sure he'd be convinced.
Each of us is responsible for strengthening his own convictions.
So what are we going to do next week?
Okay.
Ready.
The footage of the spirit has nine aspects, right?
So everybody picks one and then explains how to display it in everyday life.
I get love.
Hmm.
Goodness.
Patience for me, obviously.
I think I'd better take faith.
Can I pick one for Marcus?
Joy!
Martin.
Please come in.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you'd be done by now.
We lost track of time.
But we wanted to invite the kids down to show them our model of Noah's Ark.
You have an Ark? Where did you get it?
Oh, we built it with our kids as a family project.
Sure.
When you come back up, we'll close with prayer.
Come on, Becca. This is going to be cool.
We won't be long.
This is so awesome.
Look, Becca even has little animals on the inside.
Pretty cool.
It makes you wonder what the real thing was like.
You know, that's what gave us the idea to build a model.
How'd you do this?
It took some time.
Believe me.
Every week we do some research in the publications.
I do it at Julia, compiled the details.
And I saw in Jonathan, what's the draftsman?
And we built it all together.
Wow.
Becca, we have got to do something like this.
I can't stop thinking about what Rebecca said.
And about me always being at work.
There's a certain amount of truth in it.
You only knew what it took to get home on time.
I know, Thomas. Believe me.
I know.
It's sinking in that what the kids need most isn't money or things.
They need us.
Fully involved in their lives.
It's just so difficult balancing their needs
with the demands of our jobs.
I wonder what we can do about that.
You and I don't even have time to talk anymore.
I mean, really talk.
If we could somehow cut back on work.
Need both incomes.
Maybe we just need to tighten our belts a little.
With the debt that we carry and our regular expenses, I can't see how.
Let's take one step at a time.
Maybe begin by comparing our expenses with our income.
I'm worried.
What if we can't make ends meet?
If we put spiritual things first, Jova said he'd help us.
Dad, this is the coolest thing ever!
Though I wish Becca had come.
I think she would have liked this.
So, how big was the arc?
You've got the measurements right there, Nico.
Oh, yeah.
Three hundred by fifty by thirty qubits.
That's longer than a football field.
It's way taller than our house.
Hey, who's here?
Becca!
It's a fridge and we're going to make it.
So, where's Noah's arc?
Well, we're standing right about in the middle of it on the ground floor.
Wow, it's huge.
I know, right?
Glad you came.
Come on, Becca. I'll show you how we measured it.
Thank you, Jova.
Thomas, thanks so much for your kindness.
Keep in touch.
Okay?
You know we will.
Hey, buddy.
I'm going to miss you.
Why do you have to go away?
Remember what we talked about?
Matthew 633.
You see, first, the kingdom.
You know, Marcus, there's nothing better than letting Jova direct you.
You'll go places in life.
I'm going to miss you.
I'm going to miss you too, baby girl.
Jeremiah 179 says that the heart is treacherous and desperate.
Marcus had allowed the desire of his heart to crowd out his love for the truth.
The time had come for me to try to reinstill God's word on his heart.
I knew I'd need to be calm but firm about what I expected.
What do you want?
Just to talk.
About these?
You're the one who took them.
No, Nicholas got a hold of him.
What's the big deal?
It's something I'm good at.
I listened to some of this.
Would you actually do the things these lyrics are about?
Look, I just do the music.
All right?
Besides, I know right from wrong.
Then why lend your talents to what you know is wrong?
Marcus, it's not just the music.
We've lost focus as a family.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You used to love going to the meetings.
And if there was a Saturday where I was too tired for service,
you were the one who would dog me until I got up and went anyway.
You had a passion for the truth.
What happened?
Maybe I just grew up.
People don't outgrow happiness.
Something else chokes it out.
Well, try taking a look in the mirror.
I've been doing a lot of that lately.
I blame myself for where we're at right now.
I've been slacking off spiritually, making you find your own way.
I ignored what you were feeding your heart.
It's time for some changes.
What do you want from me?
Six months.
A full involvement.
Meetings, field service, daily Bible reading, the works.
And then, if you don't think that you're happier than you are now,
then, then fine.
We'll talk about what to do next.
How about you let me live my life my way?
Let me make my own decisions, my own mistakes.
You have no idea what you're saying.
Do you really think that the mistakes that we make
don't affect other people?
I guess it's time you learn the whole story about your uncle Marcus.
When I turned 16, what I wanted more than anything in the world
was a muscle car.
So it worked and I saved.
And I got my car.
Well, a good is a car like that if you don't run it.
And when you run a car like that, the friends that you make
don't always have your best interest at heart.
So after one particular day of racing, drinking, beer,
that I wasn't old enough to have anyway,
my faults asked me to watch over my little brother.
Only as far as the railroad tracks in the back.
That's it.
Cool.
They didn't know where I'd been.
What I'd been up to.
Just like Jeremiah 17 says, my heart was treacherous.
I named you Marcus.
Not just to remember my brother, but to remind me that my decisions,
my mistakes affect other people.
Even you son, I believe that you want to do what's right.
But you need to be at family worship,
to strengthen your relationship with Jehovah, starting next week.
And son, this is not optional.
How are you feeling?
I'm just so confused.
I never find someone in the truth.
You know I love you.
And I'm always here for you if you want to talk.
Things get pretty complicated sometimes.
Your father and I allowed life to get so complicated that
we lost sight of some very important things.
You know what helped?
What?
It can be like a compass if you let it.
Here, Mark 1230.
And you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart
and with your whole soul and with your whole mind
and with your whole strength.
And there be room in our heart for things that Jehovah doesn't tolerate.
Satan wants us to think that all beliefs and any actions are acceptable.
But that's a lie.
It doesn't line up with the compass.
I can't see what your future holds, honey.
But I promise you this.
If these words are in your heart,
you'll never look back on life with regrets.
That and I want you to be truly happy.
I've just been thinking a lot lately and trying to do the right thing.
Well, tell me. We tell each other everything.
Is this something I did?
No, no, of course not.
Hey.
I'll catch up with you later.
See ya.
Hey, guess what?
What?
Mr. Ramonathan wants me on the editorial staff.
Congratulations.
Well.
With you is the editor in chief, of course.
We're back. What's wrong?
I need to tell you something.
Sure. Anything.
I don't think we should see each other anymore.
What?
I respect your tolerance.
But what? Move. What Rebecca?
I learned something.
True tolerance has decency as its boundary.
I don't get it.
We have to accept some standard of right and wrong.
Without that, nothing makes sense.
Nothing works.
But what does that have to do with us?
Justin, you already told me that you plan on outgrowing our relationship.
Come on, Rebecca. What do you expect from me?
Nothing.
But I try my best to live by Jehovah God's standard of decency.
And to accept anything outside of that boundary is a dead end.
Come on, Rebecca.
Why not this again?
I mean, why does it have to be so black and white?
It's not about black and white.
It's about right and wrong.
And loyalty.
I just want to do what's right.
But what about making the world a better place?
It's time to think beyond high school debates and newspapers.
Rebecca, don't do this to me.
You're my best friend.
Why not trust your heart?
I believe with my whole heart that this is the right thing to do.
If I start a relationship, it has to be with someone who's willing to live by the same standards that I do.
I can't accept anything less.
Um, not comfortable with your standards anymore.
Berly, did you get called into work?
You know, I think this can work. I really do.
Look.
You're my looking aunt.
A budget?
Oh, I need coffee.
Maybe you don't have to work so much, if at all.
Really?
Look, here's my monthly income.
This column is our regular expenses.
This one is savings and donations.
This last one is miscellaneous expenses.
You run the columns and see.
I make more than enough money.
Anything else?
What about clothes?
Okay.
And clothing, so to be a little tight.
Anything else?
You know, I'm kind of surprised at it, but no.
I guess not.
So what do you think?
Can we do this?
Is it realistic?
Not long ago, I would have said no.
But I guess the question is,
will we really trust Jehovah by putting spiritual things first?
It's kind of scary, though.
Is it worth losing our kids over?
But what if we don't even have enough money for a cup of coffee?
Somehow we'll always have money for coffee.
Promise?
I will sell something if I have to to buy you a coffee.
But why not make a list of some things that we could do without?
Hmm.
You know, it's kind of exciting.
It's like we're starting all over again.
We're following Jesus' advice.
So if we're both cutting back on work,
what will we do with the extra time?
Keep the ball rolling with the kids.
And if you're running low on fulfillment,
about we amp up our field service time.
So when are you supposed to talk to Mr. O'Connor?
Today, after work.
You know what you're going to say?
Yeah, pretty much.
I'm thinking I'm praying about it.
Are you scared?
Nah.
Tell the truth.
Actually, I'm about as nervous as I was when I first met your father.
Remember when he looked at you for the first time and he said,
I hope you know how to milk a goat.
What'd you say to that?
But I don't understand any of this, Thomas.
I just need to cut out so much overtime.
I have more work for you and possibly a raise.
I don't want more work, Mr. O'Connor.
And I've got all the money I need.
Nobody's got all the money they need, Thomas.
I teach my kids that money is not the most important thing in life.
I have to show them that I believe it myself.
You're one of my best employees,
but you're jeopardizing your place here.
It's just that there are other very important areas of life
that deserve more attention than they've been getting.
Look, Thomas.
Everybody here likes you.
I'm happy with your work.
But this is a game changer.
All I want is to reduce my hours.
If it means less pay, I'm willing to accept that.
Okay.
Reduce your hours to what?
What are we talking here?
No more regular overtime.
Especially on Wednesdays and Thursdays.
You're asking me to make a concession just for you, you know?
You said I was one of your best employees.
Lily.
Yes, Mr. O'Connor?
Line up some interviews right away for the post of mechanical engineer.
Yes.
Just tell me one thing.
Why are you doing this for my family?
Are you trying to save your marriage?
I'm trying to save my whole family.
They need me.
And I need them.
I wish I had done years ago what you're doing.
Maybe I'd still have a family.
Lily, make those interviews for a second-shift mechanic.
Thank you.
Sir.
See you Monday.
So Max, what's this plan?
Make some traffic.
Marcus, you need to speed up.
All right, thanks.
Hey.
Buster's gonna get nasty.
So make sure there's plenty of the headroom.
But you still may have to...
I have to get nasty.
Poppy.
It's about getting attention.
And if there's the right kind of attention?
What do you care?
I believe in you, son.
I believe that you want to do what's right.
Here's Buster's revision of the lyrics.
Oh, man, this is gonna be blazing.
Then why lend your talents to what you know is wrong?
The Otoni.
This isn't really what I had in mind when I was writing these.
Hey.
You got this or not?
There's a thousand other guys outside,
dying to be in here.
So you either with it or you're not.
You know Marcus, there's nothing better
than letting Jehovah direct you.
You'll go places in life.
No way.
This is taking me absolutely nowhere.
Forget him.
We got his beats.
I think we could do that this weekend.
Maybe use the basement.
So what are we gonna do with the basement?
Now that it's empty.
Now brother and sister Barrow are doing.
I miss them.
So do I.
I hope things are going well for them
and they're new assignment.
Oh, we should call them.
A great idea.
Have it after the study.
Okay, show time.
Becca, got your questions lined up?
Yeah.
Right, Nico, got the camera.
Mom, it's the Bible.
Believe what's outside.
Welcome, son.
What's up?
I've been thinking about things.
And I'd like to be here.
You must be starved.
I'll fix you a plate.
Any eat during family worship?
Just this one.
Of course.
Okay.
Marcus, you're just in time.
About to do an investigative report on David and Goliath.
Becca's gonna do the interview with King David.
Mom's an eyewitness and I am cameraman.
What we really need is some music.
Got any ideas?
Forget it, prayer.
Right.
Anything I should include on behalf of the family?
Can you thank Jehovah that we're all together?
Let's thank Jehovah that we're all here to worship him together as a family.
Reuniting the family in worship didn't happen overnight.
The turning point was when Deuteronomy 6.6 fully dawned on me
Before we can impress God's Word on the hearts of our children,
it must first be on our own heart.
My being prepared in advance for family worship made it more meaningful.
And consistency is a must.
When spiritual priorities became our focus,
the tide began to turn in the spirit of the family.
I'm the first to admit it takes real effort.
But the results are worth it.